can we go again this is attorney to my
frost babe so tell me what you follow me
me me I would never leave oh here we go
to my bros man so tell me won't you
follow me cuz i would haha yeah you know
what never late you in the front that
wreck plus there are many ways to
go there and again you kind of want to
do this really when your hair still
pretty good and wet it's almost like
you're shingling does anybody else we'll
never hear the word shingle and think of
that old ll cool j song you Gingka then
maybe go ahead baby so no why whenever I
hear the word shingling that song is
playing in my head
you
make sure that you get it kind of all
the way through you know it's curly hair
talked about kind of the correct way to
apply products because it's currently
it's not going to fly to the end so you
really kind of want to work it through
really good with your hand or just like
to take a denman brush or a detangling
comb and just pull it through kind of
just these numbers just when I get
around to the rest of the stuff really
is good to actually because it helps to
hold the water in until your addy
section to kind of keep it pinned up
that way it kind of trap some of the
water in there
you
well I will kind of ransom a little bit
just to make sure that I still whole
purpose of the Washington goal is to be
able to quickly wash and go so am I here
to stay wet you know for hours on end
this product does have mineral oil in it
but again I've shared this before my
hair is longer i find it i need
something a little heavier so sometimes
using a product with mineral oil is is
actually better for styling my hair I'm
plus you know you guys know I say never
say never I don't worry about using
mineral oil sulfate silicones parabens
whatever particular at this point in my
journey because just that I've got a
good routine I know what those things
are I know to look out for now and I
feed my hair so much kind of throughout
the rest of the week and whatnot that
using a bad person a product it's not
going to hurt my hair if you're putzes
anybody else notice that you've got
natural like when you're cleaning your
bathroom or whatnot you notice there's
like hair products on the wall on the
back of the bathroom door places that
never needs to be sitting on the toilet
you're like how the hell did I get jail
under the toilet
so what I usually will do at this point
is you know I don't usually sit down
putting copy and busty no idea where up
cotton dantana sometimes gonna weren't
rocking my Jackie O look because you
don't want to manipulate it at this
point you just kind of want to give the
product a chance to kind of settle onto
the hair you know slide down as much as
possible down the ends of your hair as
possible I usually kind of take a
bandana
just rock it like this for a little
while until it's dry and I'm about to
hit the street so by the time i get out
to the car and whatnot it'll be dry in
you know 15 20 minutes so i'll take
pictures and show you guys cut them all
the way back but that's how i get a good
washing go
turn it to my bro's
tomorrow's a man you meet your head high
level mom your head I in cuz you were no
girl in the head I again you want to
show you the steps right down the heads
right you got a quiz to thurs and
everything less what have you looking
where's your time for chip to take a
journey to my broke someone after you
try those deep into a cry you one that
needs and prosperous for a healthy men
agreed that your brother find sexy to
get them said you gotta be wealthier
heck you look diamonds for the praise or
I suppose you're free rocket up against
the help of my go that's a rotund up
around like a cyclone you can do the wig
wig or rated the mole mentioned over
time to update a judge it to my bros on
there might be up see let me upgrade you
finally get like somebody pays yeah
instead a damn i guess they going
through so major are times when you
claim to love one day mines on the ranks
of the finely